# James Willis' Project Portfolio Page

### Overview
TrackStars is a financial tracker app aimed at outbound NUS exchange student to the South East Asia region.
It makes tracking savings and spendings across a number of bank accounts in a variety of currencies easy.

* **Code Contributed**
Linked is the reposense report.
[link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2526s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=mack34021&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2025-09-19T00%3A00%3A00&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&filteredFileName=)


* **Administration tasks completed**
    * Set up the initial Git repository.
    * Managed pull request to assignment Repo.


* **New Feature:**  Initial code commit, including some classes, and many enums critical to the project. [PR #7](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/7)
    * Designed general skeleton of the project.
    * Specified classes for other team members to complete.
    * Created enums such as category, date, currency etc. to be used throughout the project and make other devs' contributions more compatible with each other to increase ease of development.
  * (Note: A large part of my work was at this early stage, and many things have been changed since then, thus attributing the code to others and making my reposense contribution look smaller, e.g. no major functionality changes have been made to the parser class (other than additional commands, some formatting changes etc.), yet well under half is attributed to me)
     

* **New Feature:**  Implement CLI parser, bank and transaction classes and initial working product. [PR #9](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/9)
    * Capable of receiving commands and splitting into arguments to be used later, in a format easy for team members to use for their components.
    * Parsing inputs, and creating and storing transactions into database based on the given command.


* **New Feature:** Some major commands for the program [PR #8](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/8), [PR #10](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/10)
    * An assortment of final commands, including adding transactions to the database (by value, currency, and category), listing past transactions in a user-friendly way, adding new bank accounts, etc.


* **Enhancements to Existing Features:** 
  * Assorted bug and crash fixes of other team member's code.
    * One feature (whether budgets belong to specific banks) was changed, which broke another member's code. This required some changes to another team members' code to fix.
  * Add JUnit tests to addBank class, which helped to identify (and test the fix to) a bug with the constructor allowing impossible values [PR #55](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/55/files), [PR #66](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/66)


* **Documentation**
    * **Contributions to UG**
      * Wrote many (8 of 16) of the user guide's instructions on CLI commands the program can take, what they do, and how to use them (arguments, usage examples, etc.) [PR #71](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W10-2/tp/pull/71)
        * logout, list, listBanks, addBudget, listBudget, deposit, withdraw, summary

